Update publish-to-azure-webapp-using-vs.md (#12000)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/publish-to-azure-webapp-using-vs.md

## Additional resources

> * For Visual Studio Code, see [Folder publish](https://github.com/aspnet/websdk#folder-publish)

Reviewer: We have that in the doc if you want ... https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/visual-studio-publish-profiles#publish-profiles

```suggestion
* For Visual Studio Code, see [Publish profiles](xref:host-and-deploy/visual-studio-publish-profiles#publish-profiles)
```
